There once was a young man named Jal
He was the son of a poor peddler in a town called Elegance
_
His best friend was a lovely lass named Queenie
She  was the daughter of the Duchess of Elegance and very shy
But she loved hanging with her friends and was very outgoing while with them
_
The last member of the group was Peter
Peter was the son of the town baker and sported the look for it too
In fact, he was known as Pork for his active eating habits
Together they were an unstoppable trio
_
It was a particularly dark and rainy evening, but the trio didn't seem to mind
They were all cuddled up in their favorite spot: Mother Hen's Tavern
Queenie: "Wow this storm is one of the worst we've seen in awhile"
Jal: "Yeah unless you count that time when your mom hounded you for being late!"
Pork laughed through a handful of nachos and Queenie rolled her eyes with a smile
*lightning cracked and the door creaked open*
_
A hooded figure entered the tavern
She was tall and had a very alluring green necklace around her neck
Her luscious locks glistened from the depths of her hood
_
She sat down next to the trio and smiled at them
"Hi, you guys look like you are from around here. Do you know where I could spend the night?"
_
Jal turned his head and was immediately starstruck
Pork: "Yeah we are all from here, my name is Pork"
Kek: "Oh im so sorry, i forgot to introduce myself! I'm Kek"
Kek: "I was passing through town then this terrible storm hit!"
Queenie: "Nice to meet you Kek, I'm Queenie"
Queenie: "There are many nice places to stay the night in fact-"
_
Jal quickly interrupted her
Jal: "My place is a humble abode but welcome to all kinds of visitors!"
Queenie and Pork sighed in unison
Kek: "I would love that! Oh look the rain is clearing up want to head out before it gets dark?"
Jal: "After you m'lady!"
_
Queenie: "Wait! Don't you think…"
But Jal had already left with his new friend
She looked at Pork who was already reaching for Jal's leftover nachos
Queenie: "I know you don't pay attention while you eat, but are you not weirded out by that?"
Pork: "Ha! I've never seen jealousy so pure!"
Queenie: "Ha.Ha. I'm serious, she appeared out of nowhere and disappeared even quicker"
Pork stopped eating and thought
Pork: "You're right, Jal is not one to make friends that fast especially if it's a girl"
Queenie: "Exactly! We need to go after him"
_
The two left leaving behind their nachos
Little did they know that there would be a long journey before they would eat another nacho
